## Day: 05/02/21 - Meeting #6

## Team number / team name
- Group 15 - Orbis
## Type of meeting held
Brainstorming, Engineering, Design, Other
(if other explain)
## Which members were present / absent
- [x] Jonathan Zamora

- [x] Rahul Dadlani

- [ ] Joshua Wang

- [ ] Dylan Cullen

- [ ] Zain Khan

- [ ] Martin Cheung

- [x] Emily Jewik

- [ ] Tejasvin Mukesh

- [x] Vivian Yan
## When & Where the meeting was held
- When: 10 AM - 12 AM
- Where: Zoom
## The agenda of what is discussed
- Tweaked two of the existing user personas and threw out a third
- Created three user stories for each of our two personas
## Any old unresolved business from the previous meeting
- We finished up the user personas from the last meeting and decided to throw
one of them out because it became redundant after we reworked the other two
## Any new business to be discussed
- How to split up the work for the pitch due on Monday 5/3/21
## Anything that was on the agenda but was not discussed (save for next meeting's old business)
- NA
## Any decisions made & their reasoning (if there were dissenting opinions include them, then write why the group decided to make that decision anyways)
- We decided that our app would be specifically geared towards two types of
students- TAs and student employees
## When the meeting finished
- 12:35 PM
