## Day: 05/18/21 - Meeting #10

## Team number / team name
- Group 15 - Orbis
## Type of meeting held
Sprint Review
## Which members were present / absent
- [x] Jonathan Zamora

- [x] Rahul Dadlani

- [x] Joshua Wang

- [x] Dylan Cullen

- [] Zain Khan

- [x] Martin Cheung

- [x] Emily Jewik

- [x] Tejasvin Mukesh

- [x] Vivian Yan
## When & Where the meeting was held
- When: 7:10 PM - 7:40 PM
- Where: Zoom
## The agenda of what is discussed
- Discussed what was accomplished in Sprint 1:
  - Design team shared new logo and updated wireframes for each page with new color palette and fonts   
  - Build team added tools for styling, linting, and automated doc generation. They also produced diagrams and write-ups explaining our intended work flow and how to utilize the tools mentioned above. A kanban board to track our work progress was also created to ensure efficient project management. 
  - Dev team reviewed wireframes to strategize for implementation
  
## Any old unresolved business from the previous meeting
- N/A
## Any new business to be discussed
- sprint 1 process review and improvement (retrospective)
## Anything that was on the agenda but was not discussed (save for next meeting's old business)
- N/A
## Any decisions made & their reasoning (if there were dissenting opinions include them, then write why the group decided to make that decision anyways)
- N/A
## When the meeting finished
-  7:40 PM
