## Day: 05/18/21 - Meeting #11

## Team number / team name
- Group 15 - Orbis
## Type of meeting held
Sprint Retrospective
## Which members were present / absent
- [x] Jonathan Zamora

- [x] Rahul Dadlani

- [x] Joshua Wang

- [x] Dylan Cullen

- [] Zain Khan

- [x] Martin Cheung

- [x] Emily Jewik

- [x] Tejasvin Mukesh

- [x] Vivian Yan
## When & Where the meeting was held
- When: 7:40 PM - 8:25 PM
- Where: Zoom
## The agenda of what is discussed
- We used Retrium to discuss what went well (role/work assignment worked out, CI was built, and design was soldified) and what didn't go so well () during our sprint.
- We created an action plan to improve from sprint 1.
  
## Any old unresolved business from the previous meeting
- N/A
## Any new business to be discussed
- 
## Anything that was on the agenda but was not discussed (save for next meeting's old business)
- N/A
## Any decisions made & their reasoning (if there were dissenting opinions include them, then write why the group decided to make that decision anyways)
- We decided to implement a shared calender and use a google doc that contains all our deadlines to stay on top of our tasks because we finished tasks pretty close to the deadline during sprint 1. 
- We decided to start discussing what is expected for standups during meetings to have a better idea of everyone's progress and to avoid rabbitholes.
- We decided to have group meetings on Tuesdays and Thursdays at 7pm to establish a consistent schedule. 
## When the meeting finished
-  8:25 PM